feat(Alert)!: New Visual Identity Alert [GM-119] (#1412)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Molecules/Alert/index.stories.mdx

import { Alert } from '@codecademy/gamut/src';
import title from '@codecademy/macros/lib/title.macro';
import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';

import { PropsTable } from '~styleguide/blocks';

import { ALERTS } from './constants';

<Meta
  title={title}
  component={Alert}
  parameters={{
    subtitle:
      'An alert displays an important, succinct message, and provides actions for users to address (or dismiss the alert). It requires a user action to be dismissed.',
    status: 'stable',
    source: 'gamut',
    figmaId: 'TemYhRWOavsERWprDzRJCx',
    padded: true,
  }}
  args={{
    type: 'general',
    placement: 'floating',
    cta: {
      children: 'Learn More',
    },
    children:
      'You have been logged out due to inactivity. Click the button to log in again.',
  }}
/>

<Story name="Alert">{(args) => <Alert {...args} />}</Story>

<br />

## Usage Guidelines

- There are 5 alert types. Choose the one that applies most to your case.

> - Displayed at the top of the page, below the navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display alerts at the top of the page, below the navigation bar.
```

- Persistent and non-modal, allowing the user to either ignore them or interact with them at any time.
- Floats/overlays over any content below it.
- Only use Feature alert for product/feature announcements that are specific to that page (e.g. Dashboard, Catalog, Profile, LE)
- **For Inline use**: Only use the inline variant (non-stroked) and only use Success, Error or General type, other types are for top-level use only.

<br />

## Alert Types

> <br />
> 
> **General**

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
### General
```

import { Alert } from '@codecademy/gamut/src';
import title from '@codecademy/macros/lib/title.macro';
import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';

import { PropsTable } from '~styleguide/blocks';

import { ALERTS } from './constants';

<Meta
  title={title}
  component={Alert}
  parameters={{
    subtitle:
      'An alert displays an important, succinct message, and provides actions for users to address (or dismiss the alert). It requires a user action to be dismissed.',
    status: 'stable',
    source: 'gamut',
    figmaId: 'TemYhRWOavsERWprDzRJCx',
    padded: true,
  }}
  args={{
    variant: 'general',
    cta: {
      children: 'Learn More',
    },
    children:
      'You have been logged out due to inactivity. Click the button to log in again.',
  }}
/>

## Usage Guidelines

- Alerts should be displayed at the top of the page, below the navigation bar. (40px)
- They’re persistent and non-modal, allowing the user to either ignore them or interact with them at any time.
- Floats/overlays over any content below it
- Only use Feature alert for product/feature announcements that are specific to that page (e.g. Dashboard, Catalog, Profile, LE)

> 

Reviewer 2: maybe add something about truncation to one line + consistent sizing. wanna make sure folks know this is a deliberate design choice

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Alert">{(args) => <Alert {...args} />}</Story>
</Canvas>

<PropsTable story="Alert" />

## Alert Variants

<Canvas isColumn>
  <Story name="general" args={ALERTS.general}>
    {(args) => <Alert {...args} />}
  </Story>
  <Story name="success" args={ALERTS.success}>
    {(args) => <Alert {...args} />}
  </Story>
  <Story name="error" args={ALERTS.error}>
    {(args) => <Alert {...args} />}
  </Story>
  <Story name="maintenance" args={ALERTS.maintenance}>
    {(args) => <Alert {...args} />}
  </Story>
  <Story name="feature" args={ALERTS.feature}>
    {(args) => <Alert {...args} />}
  </Story>

> </Canvas>

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58054751/108405603-41ccdf00-71ef-11eb-8306-fc9dee813c4a.png)

color variants aren't showing up correctly for me in the pr env
